Your clothes are so beautiful, they look expensive and generous.
Mainly, the blue and light figure is good.
She looks like a little girl in her early 20s
Just your sweet mouth
This dress is Halden's latest model
Airlifted from France
Few in the world
That's this one. My son bought it for me.
Your son has a heart.
Sister Lan, you are so lucky.
He's pretty good at that.
Sister Nan, you know
You cool down first, I'll come when I go.
Hey, sorry, sorry.
You don't have eyes, you're shy
Today is your birthday party
And it's about to start.
Oh, go and change your clothes.
Ouch, I'm so sorry.
I'm going to change clothes
Why does that person's clothes look so familiar?
It looks like the one I bought last time in Haydn